[v0.10.5] Implement remaining on-chain service management tools (#1956)
valory-xyz/open-autonomy: docs/advanced_reference/commands/autonomy_service.md

Tools to manage services minted in the [Autonolas Protocol](https://docs.autonolas.network/protocol/).

> This command group consists of a number of functionalities to manage the life cycle of services that have been minted in the [Autonolas Protocol](https://docs.autonolas.network/protocol/). To understand about the life cycle of a service read [here](https://docs.autonolas.network/protocol/life_cycle_of_a_service/#terminated-bonded).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command group consists of a number of functionalities to manage [the life cycle of services](https://docs.autonolas.network/protocol/life_cycle_of_a_service/) that have been minted in the [Autonolas Protocol](https://docs.autonolas.network/protocol/).
```

    The options `--use-ethereum`, `--use-goerli`, `--use-custom-chain` and `--use-local` are mutually exclusive.

`-t, --timeout FLOAT`

> : Timeout for verifying emitted events

Author: @jmoreira-valory `autonomy service` does not have `--skip-hash-check` flag and the doc was missing the `--timeout` flag for the same

## `autonomy service info`

Print service information.

### Usage

```bash

> autonomy service info [OPTIONS] SERVICE_ID

Reviewer: what is "Options" here? I don't see any option. Missing how to choose the chain?

| Multisig Address          | 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000   |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------+
| Cannonical Agents         | 1                                            |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------+
| Max Agents                | 4                                            |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------+
| Threshold                 | 3                                            |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------+
| Number Of Agent Instances | 4                                            |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------+
| Registered Instances      | - 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000 |
|                           | - 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000 |
|                           | - 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000 |
|                           | - 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000 |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------+

> ```

Author: Useful utility command

## `autonomy service register`

> Register an agent instance in a service minted and activated in the Autonolas Protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register an agent instance in a service minted in the [Autonolas Protocol](https://docs.autonolas.network/protocol/). The service must be in the *Active Registration* state.
```
